docs/src/man/transformations/ecef_eci.md, before:

# ECEF and ECI

```@meta
CurrentModule = SatelliteToolbox
DocTestSetup = quote
    using SatelliteToolbox
end
```

This package currently provides two models to transform reference systems:
the IAU-76/FK5 and the IAU-2006/2010 (CIO approach). The following table lists
the available coordinate frames and how they can be referenced in the functions
that will be described later on.

| Reference | Type |            Coordinate frame name            |
|-----------|------|---------------------------------------------|
| `ITRF()`  | ECEF | International Terrestrial Reference Frame   |
| `PEF()`   | ECEF | Pseudo-Earth Fixed reference frame          |
| `TIRS()`  | ECEF | Terrestrial Intermediate Reference System   |
| `MOD()`   | ECI  | Mean-Of-Date reference frame                |
| `TOD()`   | ECI  | True-Of-Data reference frame                |
| `GCRF()`  | ECI  | Geocentric Celestial Reference Frame (GCRF) |
| `J2000()` | ECI  | J2000 reference frame                       |
| `TEME()`  | ECI  | True Equator, Mean Equinox reference frame  |
| `CIRS()`  | ECI  | Celetial Intermediate Reference System      |

!!! note

    ECEF stands for Earth-Centered, Earth-Fixed whereas ECI stands for
    Earth-Centered Inertial.

!!! warning

    In all the functions that will be presented here, it is not possible yet to
    mix frames between the IAU-76/FK5 and IAU-2006/2010 models in the same call.
    Hence, if it is required to compute the rotation between frames in different
    models, then the recommended approach is to first compute the rotation from
    the origin frame to the ITRF or GCRF, and then compute the rotation from the
    ITRF or GCRF to the destination frame. However, this will only work for past
    dates since EOP data is required.

## EOP Data

The conversions here sometimes requires additional data related to the Earth
orientation. This information is provided by [IERS](https://www.iers.org)
(International Earth Rotation and Reference Systems Service). The
SatelliteToolbox.jl has the capability to automatically download and parse the
IERS EOP (Earth Orientation Parameters) data.

The function that will automatically download the files, store them in the file
system, and parse the data is:

```julia
function get_iers_eop(data_type::Symbol = :IAU1980; force_download = false)
```

in which:

* `data_type` is a symbol that specify what kind of data is desired (`:IAU1980`
  for IAU1980 data and `:IAU2000A` for IAU2000A data). If omitted, then it
  defaults to `:IAU1980`.
* The files are obtained on a daily-basis by the package RemoteFiles.jl. If the
  user wants to force the download, then the keyword `force_download` should be
  set to `true`.
* This function returns an instance of the structure `EOPData_IAU1980` or
  `EOPData_IAU2000A` depending on the selection of `data_type`. The returned
  value should be passed to the reference frame conversion functions as
  described in the following.

```jldoctest ECEF_ECI
julia> eop_IAU1980 = get_iers_eop();
[ Info: Downloading file 'EOP_IAU1980.TXT' from 'https://datacenter.iers.org/data/latestVersion/223_EOP_C04_14.62-NOW.IAU1980223.txt' with cURL.

julia> eop_IAU2000A = get_iers_eop(:IAU2000A);
[ Info: Downloading file 'EOP_IAU2000A.TXT' from 'https://datacenter.iers.org/data/latestVersion/224_EOP_C04_14.62-NOW.IAU2000A224.txt' with cURL.
```

## ECEF to ECEF

One ECEF frame can be converted to another one by the following function:

```julia
function r_ecef_to_ecef([T,] ECEFo, ECEFf, JD_UTC::Number, eop_data)
```

where it will be computed the rotation from the ECEF reference frame `ECEFo` to
the ECEF reference frame `ECEFf` at the Julian Day [UTC] `JD_UTC`. The rotation
description that will be used is given by `T`, which can be `DCM` or
`Quaternion`. If `T` is omitted, then it defaults to `DCM`. The EOP data
`eop_data` in this case is always necessary. Hence, the user must initialize it
as described in the section [EOP Data](@ref).

```jldoctest ECEF_ECI
julia> r_ecef_to_ecef(PEF(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3):
  1.0          0.0         -4.3531e-7
 -6.30011e-13  1.0         -1.44727e-6
  4.3531e-7    1.44727e-6   1.0

julia> r_ecef_to_ecef(TIRS(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0), eop_IAU2000A)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3):
  1.0          3.08408e-11  -4.3531e-7
 -3.14708e-11  1.0          -1.44727e-6
  4.3531e-7    1.44727e-6    1.0

julia> r_ecef_to_ecef(Quaternion, PEF(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0), eop_IAU1980)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.9999999999997147 - 7.236343481310813e-7.i + 2.1765518308012794e-7.j + 0.0.k

julia> r_ecef_to_ecef(Quaternion, TIRS(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0), eop_IAU2000A)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.9999999999997146 - 7.236343481345639e-7.i + 2.176551830689726e-7.j + 1.5577911634233308e-11.k
```

## ECI to ECI

One ECI frame can be converted to another ECI frame by one of the following
functions:

```julia
function r_ecef_to_eci([T,] ECIo, ECIf, JD_UTC::Number [, eop_data])
function r_ecef_to_eci([T,] ECIo, JD_UTCo::Number, ECIf, JD_UTCf::Number [, eop_data])
```

where it will be computed compute the rotation from the ECI reference frame
`ECIo` to another ECI reference frame `ECIf`. If the origin and destination
frame contain only one *of date* frame, then the first signature is used and
`JD_UTC` is the epoch of this frame. On the other hand, if the origin and
destination frame contain two *of date* frame[^1], e.g. `TOD => MOD`, then the
second signature must be used in which `JD_UTCo` is the epoch of the origin
frame and `JD_UTCf` is the epoch of the destination frame. The rotation
description that will be used is given by `T`, which can be `DCM` or
`Quaternion`. If `T` is omitted, then it defaults to `DCM`. The EOP data
`eop_data`, as described in section [EOP Data](@ref), is required in some
conversions, as described in the following table.

[^1]: TEME is an *of date* frame.

|   Model       |   ECIo  |   ECIf  |    EOP Data   | Function Signature |
|:--------------|:--------|:--------|:--------------|:-------------------|
| IAU-76/FK5    | `GCRF`  | `J2000` | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `GCRF`  | `MOD`   | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `GCRF`  | `TOD`   | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `GCRF`  | `TEME`  | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `J2000` | `GCRF`  | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `J2000` | `MOD`   | Not required  | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `J2000` | `TOD`   | Not required  | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `J2000` | `TEME`  | Not required  | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `MOD`   | `GCRF`  | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `MOD`   | `J2000` | Not required  | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `MOD`   | `TOD`   | Not required  | Second             |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `MOD`   | `TEME`  | Not required  | Second             |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TOD`   | `GCRF`  | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TOD`   | `J2000` | Not required  | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TOD`   | `MOD`   | Not required  | Second             |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TOD`   | `TEME`  | Not required  | Second             |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TEME`  | `GCRF`  | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TEME`  | `J2000` | Not required  | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TEME`  | `MOD`   | Not required  | Second             |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TEME`  | `TOD`   | Not required  | Second             |
| IAU-2006/2010 | `GCRF`  | `CIRS`  | Not required¹ | First              |
| IAU-2006/2010 | `CIRS`  | `CIRS`  | Not required¹ | Second             |

`¹`: In this case, the terms that account for the free-core nutation and time
dependent effects of the Celestial Intermediate Pole (CIP) position with respect
to the GCRF will not be available, reducing the precision.

!!! note

    In this function, if EOP corrections are not provided, then MOD and TOD
    frames will be computed considering the original IAU-76/FK5 theory.
    Otherwise, the corrected frame will be used.

```jldoctest ECEF_ECI
julia> rECItoECI(DCM, GCRF(), J2000(), DatetoJD(1986, 6, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
  1.0          -2.45463e-12   4.56602e-10
  2.45473e-12   1.0          -1.84455e-9
 -4.56602e-10   1.84455e-9    1.0

julia> rECItoECI(Quaternion, TEME(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 6, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.9999986335698654 + 1.8300414020900853e-5.i + 0.0006653038276169474.j - 0.0015132396749411375.k

julia> rECItoECI(TOD(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0), TOD(), DatetoJD(1987,5,19,3,0,0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 1.0          -0.000224087  -9.73784e-5
 0.000224086   1.0          -5.79859e-6
 9.73797e-5    5.77677e-6    1.0

julia> rECItoECI(Quaternion, TOD(), JD_J2000, MOD(), JD_J2000, eop_IAU1980)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.9999999993282687 - 1.400220690336851e-5.i + 1.3473593746216003e-5.j - 3.107834312843103e-5.k

julia> rECItoECI(J2000(), TEME(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0))
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
  0.999995    0.0030265    0.00133055
 -0.00302645  0.999995    -3.86125e-5
 -0.00133066  3.45854e-5   0.999999

julia> rECItoECI(CIRS(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0), eop_IAU2000A)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 0.999999     3.88379e-8  -0.00133066
 7.18735e-9   1.0          3.45882e-5
 0.00133066  -3.45882e-5   0.999999

julia> rECItoECI(Quaternion, CIRS(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0), eop_IAU2000A)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.9999997785177528 + 1.7294102099105917e-5.i + 0.0006653310148723835.j + 7.912627369563795e-9.k
```

## ECEF to ECI

One ECEF frame can be convert to one ECI frame using the following function:

```julia
function r_ecef_to_eci([T,] ECEF, ECI, JD_UTC::Number [, eop_data])
```

where it will be compute the rotation from the ECEF frame `ECEF` to the ECI
frame `ECI` at the Julian Day [UTC] `JD_UTC`. The rotation description that will
be used is given by `T`, which can be `DCM` or `Quaternion`. If it is omitted,
then it defaults to `DCM`. The EOP data `eop_data`, as described in section [EOP
Data](@ref), is required in some conversions, as described in the following
table.

|   Model       |   ECI   |  ECEF  |    EOP Data     |
|:--------------|:--------|:-------|:----------------|
| IAU-76/FK5    | `GCRF`  | `ITRF` | EOP IAU1980     |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `J2000` | `ITRF` | EOP IAU1980     |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `MOD`   | `ITRF` | EOP IAU1980     |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TOD`   | `ITRF` | EOP IAU1980     |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TEME`  | `ITRF` | EOP IAU1980     |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `GCRF`  | `PEF`  | EOP IAU1980     |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `J2000` | `PEF`  | Not required¹   |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `MOD`   | `PEF`  | Not required¹   |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TOD`   | `PEF`  | Not required¹   |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TEME`  | `PEF`  | Not required¹   |
| IAU-2006/2010 | `CIRS`  | `ITRF` | EOP IAU2000A    |
| IAU-2006/2010 | `GCRF`  | `ITRF` | EOP IAU2000A    |
| IAU-2006/2010 | `CIRS`  | `TIRS` | Not required¹   |
| IAU-2006/2010 | `GCRF`  | `TIRS` | Not required¹ ² |

`¹`: In this case, the Julian Time UTC will be assumed equal to Julian Time UT1
to compute the Greenwich Mean Sidereal Time. This is an approximation, but
should be sufficiently accurate for some applications. Notice that, if EOP Data
is provided, the Julian Day UT1 will be accurately computed.

`²`: In this case, the terms that account for the free-core nutation and time
dependent effects of the Celestial Intermediate Pole (CIP) position with respect
to the GCRF will not be available, reducing the precision.

!!! note

    In this function, if EOP corrections are not provided, then MOD and TOD
    frames will be computed considering the original IAU-76/FK5 theory.
    Otherwise, the corrected frame will be used.

```jldoctest ECEF_ECI
julia> r_ecef_to_eci(DCM, ITRF(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267      0.78518     -0.00132979
 -0.78518      -0.619267     3.33492e-5
 -0.000797313   0.00106478   0.999999

julia> r_ecef_to_eci(ITRF(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267      0.78518     -0.00132979
 -0.78518      -0.619267     3.33492e-5
 -0.000797313   0.00106478   0.999999

julia> r_ecef_to_eci(ITRF(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU2000A)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267      0.78518     -0.00132979
 -0.78518      -0.619267     3.33502e-5
 -0.000797312   0.00106478   0.999999

julia> r_ecef_to_eci(PEF(), J2000(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0))
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619271      0.785176    -0.00133066
 -0.785177     -0.619272     3.45854e-5
 -0.000796885   0.00106622   0.999999

julia> r_ecef_to_eci(PEF(), J2000(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267      0.78518     -0.00133066
 -0.78518      -0.619267     3.45854e-5
 -0.000796879   0.00106623   0.999999

julia> r_ecef_to_eci(TIRS(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0))
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619271      0.785176    -0.00133066
 -0.785177     -0.619272     3.45884e-5
 -0.000796885   0.00106623   0.999999

julia> r_ecef_to_eci(Quaternion, ITRF(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.4363098936462618 - 0.0005909969666939257.i + 0.00030510511316206974.j + 0.8997962182293519.k

julia> r_ecef_to_eci(Quaternion, ITRF(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU2000A)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.4363098936309669 - 0.000590996988144556.i + 0.0003051056555230158.j + 0.8997962182365703.k
```

# ECI to ECEF

One ECI frame can be converted to one ECEF frame using the following function:

```julia
function rECItoECEF([T,] ECI, ECEF, JD_UTC::Number [, eop_data])
```

which has the same characteristics of the function `r_ecef_to_eci` described in
Section [ECEF to ECI](@ref), but with the inputs `ECI`  and `ECEF` swapped.

!!! note

    This function actually calls `r_ecef_to_eci` first and then uses
    `inv_rotation`. Hence, it has a slightly overhead on top of `r_ecef_to_eci`,
    which should be negligible for both rotation representations that are
    supported.

```jldoctest ECEF_ECI
julia> rECItoECEF(DCM, GCRF(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267    -0.78518     -0.000797313
  0.78518     -0.619267     0.00106478
 -0.00132979   3.33492e-5   0.999999

julia> rECItoECEF(GCRF(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267    -0.78518     -0.000797313
  0.78518     -0.619267     0.00106478
 -0.00132979   3.33492e-5   0.999999

julia> rECItoECEF(GCRF(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU2000A)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267    -0.78518     -0.000797312
  0.78518     -0.619267     0.00106478
 -0.00132979   3.33502e-5   0.999999

julia> rECItoECEF(J2000(), PEF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0))
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619271    -0.785177    -0.000796885
  0.785176    -0.619272     0.00106622
 -0.00133066   3.45854e-5   0.999999

julia> rECItoECEF(J2000(), PEF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267    -0.78518     -0.000796879
  0.78518     -0.619267     0.00106623
 -0.00133066   3.45854e-5   0.999999

julia> rECItoECEF(GCRF(), TIRS(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0))
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619271    -0.785177    -0.000796885
  0.785176    -0.619272     0.00106623
 -0.00133066   3.45884e-5   0.999999

julia> rECItoECEF(Quaternion, GCRF(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.4363098936462618 + 0.0005909969666939257.i - 0.00030510511316206974.j - 0.8997962182293519.k

julia> rECItoECEF(Quaternion, GCRF(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU2000A)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.4363098936309669 + 0.000590996988144556.i - 0.0003051056555230158.j - 0.8997962182365703.k
```

Commit message:

:poop: rECItoECEF => r_eci_to_ecef

docs/src/man/transformations/ecef_eci.md, after:

# ECEF and ECI

```@meta
CurrentModule = SatelliteToolbox
DocTestSetup = quote
    using SatelliteToolbox
end
```

This package currently provides two models to transform reference systems:
the IAU-76/FK5 and the IAU-2006/2010 (CIO approach). The following table lists
the available coordinate frames and how they can be referenced in the functions
that will be described later on.

| Reference | Type |            Coordinate frame name            |
|-----------|------|---------------------------------------------|
| `ITRF()`  | ECEF | International Terrestrial Reference Frame   |
| `PEF()`   | ECEF | Pseudo-Earth Fixed reference frame          |
| `TIRS()`  | ECEF | Terrestrial Intermediate Reference System   |
| `MOD()`   | ECI  | Mean-Of-Date reference frame                |
| `TOD()`   | ECI  | True-Of-Data reference frame                |
| `GCRF()`  | ECI  | Geocentric Celestial Reference Frame (GCRF) |
| `J2000()` | ECI  | J2000 reference frame                       |
| `TEME()`  | ECI  | True Equator, Mean Equinox reference frame  |
| `CIRS()`  | ECI  | Celetial Intermediate Reference System      |

!!! note

    ECEF stands for Earth-Centered, Earth-Fixed whereas ECI stands for
    Earth-Centered Inertial.

!!! warning

    In all the functions that will be presented here, it is not possible yet to
    mix frames between the IAU-76/FK5 and IAU-2006/2010 models in the same call.
    Hence, if it is required to compute the rotation between frames in different
    models, then the recommended approach is to first compute the rotation from
    the origin frame to the ITRF or GCRF, and then compute the rotation from the
    ITRF or GCRF to the destination frame. However, this will only work for past
    dates since EOP data is required.

## EOP Data

The conversions here sometimes requires additional data related to the Earth
orientation. This information is provided by [IERS](https://www.iers.org)
(International Earth Rotation and Reference Systems Service). The
SatelliteToolbox.jl has the capability to automatically download and parse the
IERS EOP (Earth Orientation Parameters) data.

The function that will automatically download the files, store them in the file
system, and parse the data is:

```julia
function get_iers_eop(data_type::Symbol = :IAU1980; force_download = false)
```

in which:

* `data_type` is a symbol that specify what kind of data is desired (`:IAU1980`
  for IAU1980 data and `:IAU2000A` for IAU2000A data). If omitted, then it
  defaults to `:IAU1980`.
* The files are obtained on a daily-basis by the package RemoteFiles.jl. If the
  user wants to force the download, then the keyword `force_download` should be
  set to `true`.
* This function returns an instance of the structure `EOPData_IAU1980` or
  `EOPData_IAU2000A` depending on the selection of `data_type`. The returned
  value should be passed to the reference frame conversion functions as
  described in the following.

```jldoctest ECEF_ECI
julia> eop_IAU1980 = get_iers_eop();
[ Info: Downloading file 'EOP_IAU1980.TXT' from 'https://datacenter.iers.org/data/latestVersion/223_EOP_C04_14.62-NOW.IAU1980223.txt' with cURL.

julia> eop_IAU2000A = get_iers_eop(:IAU2000A);
[ Info: Downloading file 'EOP_IAU2000A.TXT' from 'https://datacenter.iers.org/data/latestVersion/224_EOP_C04_14.62-NOW.IAU2000A224.txt' with cURL.
```

## ECEF to ECEF

One ECEF frame can be converted to another one by the following function:

```julia
function r_ecef_to_ecef([T,] ECEFo, ECEFf, JD_UTC::Number, eop_data)
```

where it will be computed the rotation from the ECEF reference frame `ECEFo` to
the ECEF reference frame `ECEFf` at the Julian Day [UTC] `JD_UTC`. The rotation
description that will be used is given by `T`, which can be `DCM` or
`Quaternion`. If `T` is omitted, then it defaults to `DCM`. The EOP data
`eop_data` in this case is always necessary. Hence, the user must initialize it
as described in the section [EOP Data](@ref).

```jldoctest ECEF_ECI
julia> r_ecef_to_ecef(PEF(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3):
  1.0          0.0         -4.3531e-7
 -6.30011e-13  1.0         -1.44727e-6
  4.3531e-7    1.44727e-6   1.0

julia> r_ecef_to_ecef(TIRS(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0), eop_IAU2000A)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3):
  1.0          3.08408e-11  -4.3531e-7
 -3.14708e-11  1.0          -1.44727e-6
  4.3531e-7    1.44727e-6    1.0

julia> r_ecef_to_ecef(Quaternion, PEF(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0), eop_IAU1980)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.9999999999997147 - 7.236343481310813e-7.i + 2.1765518308012794e-7.j + 0.0.k

julia> r_ecef_to_ecef(Quaternion, TIRS(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0), eop_IAU2000A)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.9999999999997146 - 7.236343481345639e-7.i + 2.176551830689726e-7.j + 1.5577911634233308e-11.k
```

## ECI to ECI

One ECI frame can be converted to another ECI frame by one of the following
functions:

```julia
function r_ecef_to_eci([T,] ECIo, ECIf, JD_UTC::Number [, eop_data])
function r_ecef_to_eci([T,] ECIo, JD_UTCo::Number, ECIf, JD_UTCf::Number [, eop_data])
```

where it will be computed compute the rotation from the ECI reference frame
`ECIo` to another ECI reference frame `ECIf`. If the origin and destination
frame contain only one *of date* frame, then the first signature is used and
`JD_UTC` is the epoch of this frame. On the other hand, if the origin and
destination frame contain two *of date* frame[^1], e.g. `TOD => MOD`, then the
second signature must be used in which `JD_UTCo` is the epoch of the origin
frame and `JD_UTCf` is the epoch of the destination frame. The rotation
description that will be used is given by `T`, which can be `DCM` or
`Quaternion`. If `T` is omitted, then it defaults to `DCM`. The EOP data
`eop_data`, as described in section [EOP Data](@ref), is required in some
conversions, as described in the following table.

[^1]: TEME is an *of date* frame.

|   Model       |   ECIo  |   ECIf  |    EOP Data   | Function Signature |
|:--------------|:--------|:--------|:--------------|:-------------------|
| IAU-76/FK5    | `GCRF`  | `J2000` | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `GCRF`  | `MOD`   | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `GCRF`  | `TOD`   | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `GCRF`  | `TEME`  | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `J2000` | `GCRF`  | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `J2000` | `MOD`   | Not required  | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `J2000` | `TOD`   | Not required  | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `J2000` | `TEME`  | Not required  | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `MOD`   | `GCRF`  | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `MOD`   | `J2000` | Not required  | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `MOD`   | `TOD`   | Not required  | Second             |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `MOD`   | `TEME`  | Not required  | Second             |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TOD`   | `GCRF`  | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TOD`   | `J2000` | Not required  | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TOD`   | `MOD`   | Not required  | Second             |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TOD`   | `TEME`  | Not required  | Second             |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TEME`  | `GCRF`  | EOP IAU1980   | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TEME`  | `J2000` | Not required  | First              |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TEME`  | `MOD`   | Not required  | Second             |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TEME`  | `TOD`   | Not required  | Second             |
| IAU-2006/2010 | `GCRF`  | `CIRS`  | Not required¹ | First              |
| IAU-2006/2010 | `CIRS`  | `CIRS`  | Not required¹ | Second             |

`¹`: In this case, the terms that account for the free-core nutation and time
dependent effects of the Celestial Intermediate Pole (CIP) position with respect
to the GCRF will not be available, reducing the precision.

!!! note

    In this function, if EOP corrections are not provided, then MOD and TOD
    frames will be computed considering the original IAU-76/FK5 theory.
    Otherwise, the corrected frame will be used.

```jldoctest ECEF_ECI
julia> rECItoECI(DCM, GCRF(), J2000(), DatetoJD(1986, 6, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
  1.0          -2.45463e-12   4.56602e-10
  2.45473e-12   1.0          -1.84455e-9
 -4.56602e-10   1.84455e-9    1.0

julia> rECItoECI(Quaternion, TEME(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 6, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.9999986335698654 + 1.8300414020900853e-5.i + 0.0006653038276169474.j - 0.0015132396749411375.k

julia> rECItoECI(TOD(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0), TOD(), DatetoJD(1987,5,19,3,0,0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 1.0          -0.000224087  -9.73784e-5
 0.000224086   1.0          -5.79859e-6
 9.73797e-5    5.77677e-6    1.0

julia> rECItoECI(Quaternion, TOD(), JD_J2000, MOD(), JD_J2000, eop_IAU1980)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.9999999993282687 - 1.400220690336851e-5.i + 1.3473593746216003e-5.j - 3.107834312843103e-5.k

julia> rECItoECI(J2000(), TEME(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0))
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
  0.999995    0.0030265    0.00133055
 -0.00302645  0.999995    -3.86125e-5
 -0.00133066  3.45854e-5   0.999999

julia> rECItoECI(CIRS(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0), eop_IAU2000A)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 0.999999     3.88379e-8  -0.00133066
 7.18735e-9   1.0          3.45882e-5
 0.00133066  -3.45882e-5   0.999999

julia> rECItoECI(Quaternion, CIRS(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986,6,19,21,35,0), eop_IAU2000A)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.9999997785177528 + 1.7294102099105917e-5.i + 0.0006653310148723835.j + 7.912627369563795e-9.k
```

## ECEF to ECI

One ECEF frame can be convert to one ECI frame using the following function:

```julia
function r_ecef_to_eci([T,] ECEF, ECI, JD_UTC::Number [, eop_data])
```

where it will be compute the rotation from the ECEF frame `ECEF` to the ECI
frame `ECI` at the Julian Day [UTC] `JD_UTC`. The rotation description that will
be used is given by `T`, which can be `DCM` or `Quaternion`. If it is omitted,
then it defaults to `DCM`. The EOP data `eop_data`, as described in section [EOP
Data](@ref), is required in some conversions, as described in the following
table.

|   Model       |   ECI   |  ECEF  |    EOP Data     |
|:--------------|:--------|:-------|:----------------|
| IAU-76/FK5    | `GCRF`  | `ITRF` | EOP IAU1980     |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `J2000` | `ITRF` | EOP IAU1980     |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `MOD`   | `ITRF` | EOP IAU1980     |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TOD`   | `ITRF` | EOP IAU1980     |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TEME`  | `ITRF` | EOP IAU1980     |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `GCRF`  | `PEF`  | EOP IAU1980     |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `J2000` | `PEF`  | Not required¹   |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `MOD`   | `PEF`  | Not required¹   |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TOD`   | `PEF`  | Not required¹   |
| IAU-76/FK5    | `TEME`  | `PEF`  | Not required¹   |
| IAU-2006/2010 | `CIRS`  | `ITRF` | EOP IAU2000A    |
| IAU-2006/2010 | `GCRF`  | `ITRF` | EOP IAU2000A    |
| IAU-2006/2010 | `CIRS`  | `TIRS` | Not required¹   |
| IAU-2006/2010 | `GCRF`  | `TIRS` | Not required¹ ² |

`¹`: In this case, the Julian Time UTC will be assumed equal to Julian Time UT1
to compute the Greenwich Mean Sidereal Time. This is an approximation, but
should be sufficiently accurate for some applications. Notice that, if EOP Data
is provided, the Julian Day UT1 will be accurately computed.

`²`: In this case, the terms that account for the free-core nutation and time
dependent effects of the Celestial Intermediate Pole (CIP) position with respect
to the GCRF will not be available, reducing the precision.

!!! note

    In this function, if EOP corrections are not provided, then MOD and TOD
    frames will be computed considering the original IAU-76/FK5 theory.
    Otherwise, the corrected frame will be used.

```jldoctest ECEF_ECI
julia> r_ecef_to_eci(DCM, ITRF(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267      0.78518     -0.00132979
 -0.78518      -0.619267     3.33492e-5
 -0.000797313   0.00106478   0.999999

julia> r_ecef_to_eci(ITRF(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267      0.78518     -0.00132979
 -0.78518      -0.619267     3.33492e-5
 -0.000797313   0.00106478   0.999999

julia> r_ecef_to_eci(ITRF(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU2000A)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267      0.78518     -0.00132979
 -0.78518      -0.619267     3.33502e-5
 -0.000797312   0.00106478   0.999999

julia> r_ecef_to_eci(PEF(), J2000(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0))
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619271      0.785176    -0.00133066
 -0.785177     -0.619272     3.45854e-5
 -0.000796885   0.00106622   0.999999

julia> r_ecef_to_eci(PEF(), J2000(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267      0.78518     -0.00133066
 -0.78518      -0.619267     3.45854e-5
 -0.000796879   0.00106623   0.999999

julia> r_ecef_to_eci(TIRS(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0))
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619271      0.785176    -0.00133066
 -0.785177     -0.619272     3.45884e-5
 -0.000796885   0.00106623   0.999999

julia> r_ecef_to_eci(Quaternion, ITRF(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.4363098936462618 - 0.0005909969666939257.i + 0.00030510511316206974.j + 0.8997962182293519.k

julia> r_ecef_to_eci(Quaternion, ITRF(), GCRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU2000A)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.4363098936309669 - 0.000590996988144556.i + 0.0003051056555230158.j + 0.8997962182365703.k
```

# ECI to ECEF

One ECI frame can be converted to one ECEF frame using the following function:

```julia
function r_eci_to_ecef([T,] ECI, ECEF, JD_UTC::Number [, eop_data])
```

which has the same characteristics of the function `r_ecef_to_eci` described in
Section [ECEF to ECI](@ref), but with the inputs `ECI`  and `ECEF` swapped.

!!! note

    This function actually calls `r_ecef_to_eci` first and then uses
    `inv_rotation`. Hence, it has a slightly overhead on top of `r_ecef_to_eci`,
    which should be negligible for both rotation representations that are
    supported.

```jldoctest ECEF_ECI
julia> r_eci_to_ecef(DCM, GCRF(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267    -0.78518     -0.000797313
  0.78518     -0.619267     0.00106478
 -0.00132979   3.33492e-5   0.999999

julia> r_eci_to_ecef(GCRF(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267    -0.78518     -0.000797313
  0.78518     -0.619267     0.00106478
 -0.00132979   3.33492e-5   0.999999

julia> r_eci_to_ecef(GCRF(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU2000A)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267    -0.78518     -0.000797312
  0.78518     -0.619267     0.00106478
 -0.00132979   3.33502e-5   0.999999

julia> r_eci_to_ecef(J2000(), PEF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0))
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619271    -0.785177    -0.000796885
  0.785176    -0.619272     0.00106622
 -0.00133066   3.45854e-5   0.999999

julia> r_eci_to_ecef(J2000(), PEF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619267    -0.78518     -0.000796879
  0.78518     -0.619267     0.00106623
 -0.00133066   3.45854e-5   0.999999

julia> r_eci_to_ecef(GCRF(), TIRS(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0))
3×3 StaticArrays.SMatrix{3, 3, Float64, 9} with indices SOneTo(3)×SOneTo(3): 
 -0.619271    -0.785177    -0.000796885
  0.785176    -0.619272     0.00106623
 -0.00133066   3.45884e-5   0.999999

julia> r_eci_to_ecef(Quaternion, GCRF(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU1980)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.4363098936462618 + 0.0005909969666939257.i - 0.00030510511316206974.j - 0.8997962182293519.k

julia> r_eci_to_ecef(Quaternion, GCRF(), ITRF(), DatetoJD(1986, 06, 19, 21, 35, 0), eop_IAU2000A)
Quaternion{Float64}:
  + 0.4363098936309669 + 0.000590996988144556.i - 0.0003051056555230158.j - 0.8997962182365703.k
```
